really
Oh
and more
this is stolen hello guys welcome back
to our source fury Hume for the source
you were here i'm gonna review any clue
words for you from 2012 that recently
has come out and it's the dark mole from
the Dortmund belt bag and it's a really
cool figure clay figure and I will show
the accessories first first of all you
guys film with a clack Bell game stand a
black stand source logo in the front and
he also does come with a glide welcome
card now I they improved on the bell
game cards well in my opinion and
instead of having the rules on your sack
now you do have a nice picture a big
picture of the character ya don't know
you guys can see what lighting lighting
is really messed up here so yeah ok so
that that and it also does have a
feature kind of action featuring for
kids which I don't like at all now you
have this just let me show you this
video just going with this a red kind of
spinning extra feature what you have to
do is you put both lightsaber parts in
the in this piece red piece so one here
and one on the other side and then you
put this in his hand and then to spin it
around and then you have kind of a
spinning lightsaber action feature which
doesn't really make any sense since it
hasn't appeared in the World Series say
yeah say a nexus x la accessory it has
come with is on this lightsaber is
double bladed lightsaber regular dark
more lights they were probably the same
one using as in the vintage collection
it doesn't have any detail or any color
on the
old and blades are too short again Sam
which is removable into two pieces
pretty cool so yeah that's as far as
this finger door accessories now on to
the failure on DD old self at first I
wasn't really do bake on this figure
since I really like your head sculpt but
then after you know receiving this in
the mail this just looks great just had
word just let me can see that pretty
well but he really does have a nice face
cold and has real nice tattoos on his
body like I'm I'm tinker there was a
legacy collection version of Dartmoor
which also had kind of these tombs out
on his body you think it's disappointing
Darth Maul not sure not sure yeah that's
F so as you can see we all next to it
all over Austin the back trail cool and
also on this or in on this face and the
horns as well are pretty well I made say
that's that add detail on the legs
that's real cool Jesus cyborg legs we
love that that looks really cool
as pretty cool and this is the second
figure of small released with those legs
first one was a san diego comic-con
exclusive and it wasn't a comic pack
featuring all ours yeah so yeah that's
that now this is probably one of the
best or well best article 8 figures from
the clone wars in 2012 he does have a
ball jointed head bone shoulders Paul
Lynch elbows no articulation in the West
or upper arm lower arm also no
articulation in the waist which China
sucks soo real kappa posing different
than this then he does have a bowl
inched legs Bolognese and ball and
ankles now at least 10 amigas can see
but they cannot bend here in the front
I'm in front part can move back part
can't yeah does ball and knees ankles
yeah that's pretty cool also has some
nice detail on this gauntlet to you yeah
some realize details yeah overall a
great looking figure and definitely
great if your clone wars fan or just
really collect on Wars figures and even
if you're not dark malts pretty cool
capture to you know to have so real
great figure and highly recommended so I
hope you guys enjoyed this review and
until next time keep collecting and may
the force be with you bye
oh hai dere dart what Mickey Mouse what
are you doing here haven't you heard
news already this ninos Lucasfilm no no
that's not true that's impossible
searching your feelings and you know
it's true oh wait a minute does that
mean that josh lucas is no longer the
main director and then he can't screw up
any more Star Wars films yep that's
right why are you laughing I have no
idea but i will continue anyway enjoy
such a song and please like comment
subscribe until nigga like an immortal
with